Get out of the car quickly! Ask him to get out of the car quickly!
Hongchen! It’s just a phone call!
Who gave you the mobile phone spiritual life to eat?
Are you going to scare people to death?
My grandson did it and I don’t understand it either.
Now let this kid spark the fire
Otherwise, everyone wouldn’t be so scared.
I said, did your kid forget to take his medicine?
Sorry for causing trouble to everyone.
Will it explode? Why didn't it explode?
The incident doesn't matter
Location matters. I remember the last explosion was over a field.
A small house that can be saved next to heaven and earth
Not far in front of the small house
Sitting on the ground and doing it
Guaranteed there